{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1046\deflangfe1046{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f386\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f387\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f389\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f390\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f391\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}
{\f392\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f393\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f394\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}{\f395\fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1046\langfe1046\cgrid\langnp1046\langfenp1046 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1267507}{\*\generator Micro
soft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\author t_cbfilho}{\operator t_cbfilho}{\creatim\yr2010\mo9\dy20\hr13\min9}{\revtim\yr2010\mo9\dy20\hr13\min18}{\version2}{\edmins9}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1620}{\nofchars8752}{\*\company TRF5}{\nofcharsws10352}{\vern24689}}
\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot1267507 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1046\langfe1046\cgrid\langnp1046\langfenp1046 {\f35\fs20\insrsid1267507 Constantes s\'e3o strings especiais que podem ser usadas para compor o caminho dos arquivos nas m\'e1
quinas clientes para cada sistema monitorado. Durante a composi\'e7\'e3o dos caminhos dos arquivos as constantes ser\'e3o substitu\'eddas de acordo com a listagem a seguir:
\par 
\par }{\b\f35\insrsid1267507 DIRET\'d3RIOS COMUNS}{\f35\fs20\insrsid1267507 
\par }{\b\f35\fs20\cf6\insrsid1267507 
\par \{app\} }{\b\f35\fs20\insrsid1267507 
\par }{\f35\fs20\insrsid1267507 Diret\'f3rio da aplica\'e7\'e3o, o qual foi selecionado pelo usu\'e1rio na p\'e1gina "Selecionar Local de destino" do assistente de instala\'e7\'e3o}{\f35\fs20\insrsid1267507 . D
e uma forma geral esta constante representa o diret\'f3rio onde a aplica\'e7\'e3o est\'e1 instalada. }{\f35\fs20\insrsid1267507 
\par 
\par }{\b\f35\fs20\cf6\insrsid1267507 \{win\}}{\f35\fs20\insrsid1267507  
\par Diret\'f3rio do Windows
\par 
\par }{\b\f35\fs20\cf6\insrsid1267507 \{sys\} }{\f35\fs20\insrsid1267507 
\par Diret\'f3rio "System32" (ou "System" no Windows '95/'98/Me)
\par 
\par }{\b\f35\fs20\cf6\insrsid1267507 \{sd\} }{\f35\fs20\insrsid1267507 
\par Drive de sistema, ou seja, o drive onde o Windows est\'e1 instalado, tipicamente "C:". No Windows NT, esta constante \'e9 equivalente \'e0 vari\'e1vel de ambiente "SystemDrive"
\par 
\par }{\b\f35\fs20\cf6\insrsid1267507 \{pf\}}{\f35\fs20\insrsid1267507  
\par Diret\'f3rio "Arquivos de programas"
\par 
\par }{\b\f35\fs20\cf6\insrsid1267507 \{cf\}}{\f35\fs20\insrsid1267507  
\par Diret\'f3rio "Arquivos comuns"
\par 
\par }{\b\f35\fs20\cf6\insrsid1267507 \{fonts\} }{\f35\fs20\insrsid1267507 
\par Diret\'f3rio "Fonts", que normalmente \'e9 nomeado "Fonts" sob o diret\'f3rio do Windows
\par 
\par }{\b\f35\insrsid1267507 PASTAS DO SISTEMA (SHELL)}{\f35\fs20\insrsid1267507 
\par 
\par \{group\} 
\par }{\f35\fs20\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid1267507\charrsid1267507 The path to the Start Menu folder, as selected by the user on Setup's Select Start Menu Folder wizard page. On Windows NT platforms, this folder
 is created under the All Users profile unless the user installing the application does not have administrative privileges, in which case it is created in the user's profile.
\par 
\par \{localappdata\} 
\par The path to the local (nonroaming) Application Data folder.
\par 
\par \{sendto\} 
\par The path to the current user's Send To folder. (There is no common Send To folder.)
\par 
\par \{userappdata\} & \{commonappdata\} 
\par The path to the Application Data folder.
\par 
\par \{userdesktop\} & \{commondesktop\} * 
\par The path to the desktop folder.
\par 
\par \{userdocs\} & \{commondocs\} 
\par The path to the My Documents folder (or on NT 4.0, the Personal folder).
\par 
\par \{userfavorites\} & \{commonfavorites\} * 
\par The path to the Favorites folder. Usage of these constants requires a MinVersion setting of at least "4.1, 4". Only Windows 2000 and later supports \{commonfavorites\}; if used on previous Windows versions, it will translate to the same directory as \{
userfavorites\}.
\par 
\par \{userprograms\} & \{commonprograms\} * 
\par The path to the Programs folder on the Start Menu.
\par 
\par \{userstartmenu\} & \{commonstartmenu\} * 
\par The path to the top level of the Start Menu.
\par 
\par \{userstartup\} & \{commonstartup\} * 
\par The path to the Startup folder on the Start Menu.
\par 
\par \{usertemplates\} & \{commontemplates\} * 
\par The path to the Templates folder. Only Windows 2000 and later supports \{commontemplates\}; if used on previous Windows versions, it will translate to the same directory as \{usertemplates\}.
\par 
\par OTHER CONSTANTS
\par 
\par \{\\\} 
\par A backslash character. See the note at the top of this page for an explanation of what the difference between using \{\\\} and only a \\ is.
\par 
\par \{%NAME|DefaultValue\} 
\par Embeds the value of an environment variable.
\par 
\par NAME specifies the name of the environment variable to use. 
\par DefaultValue determines the string to embed if the specified variable does not exist on the user's system. 
\par If you wish to include a comma, vertical bar ("|"), or closing brace ("\}") inside the constant, you must escape it via "%-encoding." Replace the character with a "%" character, followed by its two-digit hex code. A comma is "%2c", a vertical bar is "%7c"
, and a closing brace is "%7d". If you want to include an actual "%" character, use "%25". 
\par NAME and DefaultValue may include constants. Note that you do not need to escape the closing brace of a constant as described above; that is only necessary when the closing brace is used elsewhere. 
\par Examples:
\par \{%COMSPEC\}
\par \{%PROMPT|$P$G\}
\par 
\par \{cmd\} 
\par The full pathname of the system's standard command interpreter. On Windows NT platforms, this is Windows\\System32\\cmd.exe. On Windows 95/98/Me, this is Windows\\COMMAND.COM. Note
 that the COMSPEC environment variable is not used when expanding this constant.
\par 
\par \{computername\} 
\par The name of the computer the Setup or Uninstall program is running on (as returned by the GetComputerName function).
\par 
\par \{drive:Path\} 
\par Extracts and returns the drive letter and colon (e.g. "C:") from the specified path. In the case of a UNC path, it returns the server and share name (e.g. "\\\\SERVER\\SHARE").
\par 
\par Path specifies the path. 
\par If you wish to include a comma, vertical bar ("|"), or closing brace ("\}") inside the constant, you must escape it via "%-encoding." Replace the character with a "%" character, followed by its two-digit hex code. 
A comma is "%2c", a vertical bar is "%7c", and a closing brace is "%7d". If you want to include an actual "%" character, use "%25". 
\par Path may include constants. Note that you do not need to escape the closing brace of a constant as described above; that is only necessary when the closing brace is used elsewhere. 
\par Examples:
\par \{drive:\{src\}\}
\par \{drive:c:\\path\\file\}
\par \{drive:\\\\server\\share\\path\\file\}
\par 
\par \{groupname\} 
\par The name of the folder the user selected on Setup's Select Start Menu Folder wizard page. This differs from \{group\} in that it is only the name; it does not include a path.
\par 
\par \{hwnd\} 
\par (Special-purpose) Translates to the window handle of the Setup program's background window.
\par 
\par \{wizardhwnd\} 
\par (Special-purpose) Translates to the window handle of the Setup wizard window. This handle is set to '0' if the window handle isn't available at the time the translation is done.
\par 
\par \{ini:Filename,Section,Key|DefaultValue\} 
\par Embeds a value from an .INI file.
\par 
\par Filename specifies the name of the .INI file to read from. 
\par Section specifies the name of the section to read from. 
\par Key specifies the name of the key to read. 
\par DefaultValue determines the string to embed if the specified key does not exist. 
\par If you wish to include a comma, vertical bar ("|"), or closing brace ("\}") inside the constant, you must escape it via "%-encoding." Replace the character with a "%" character, followed by its two-digit hex code. 
A comma is "%2c", a vertical bar is "%7c", and a closing brace is "%7d". If you want to include an actual "%" character, use "%25". 
\par Filename, Section, and Key may include constants. Note that you do not need to escape the closing brace of a constant as described above; that is only necessary when the closing brace is used elsewhere. 
\par Example:
\par \{ini:\{win\}\\MyProg.ini,Settings,Path|\{pf\}\\My Program\}
\par \{language\} 
\par The internal name of the selected language. See the [Languages] section documentation for more information.
\par 
\par }{\f35\fs20\insrsid1267507 \{cm:MessageName\}
\par \{cm:MessageName,Arguments\} 
\par }{\f35\fs20\lang1033\langfe1046\langnp1033\insrsid1267507\charrsid1267507 Embeds a custom message value based on the active language.
\par 
\par MessageName specifies the name of custom message to read from. See the [CustomMessages] section documentation for more information. 
\par Arguments optionally specifies a comma separated list of arguments to the message value. 
\par If you wish to include a comma, vertical bar ("|"), or closing brace ("\}") inside the constant, you must escape it via "%-encoding." Replace the character with a "%" character, followed by its two-digit hex code. 
A comma is "%2c", a vertical bar is "%7c", and a closing brace is "%7d". If you want to include an actual "%" character, use "%25". 
\par Each argument in Arguments may include constants. Note that you do not need to escape the closing brace of a constant as described above; that is only necessary when the closing brace is used elsewhere. 
\par Example:
\par \{cm:LaunchProgram,Inno Setup\}
\par The example above translates to "Launch Inno Setup" if English is the active language.
\par 
\par \{reg:HKxx\\SubkeyName,ValueName|DefaultValue\} 
\par Embeds a registry value.
\par 
\par HKxx specifies the root key; see the [Registry] section documentation for a list of possible root keys. 
\par SubkeyName specifies the name of the subkey to read from. 
\par ValueName specifies the name of the value to read; leave ValueName blank if you wish to read the "default" value of a key. 
\par DefaultValue determines the string to embed if the specified registry value does not exist, or is not a string type (REG_SZ or REG_EXPAND_SZ). 
\par If you wish to include a comma, vertical bar ("|"), or closing brace ("\}") inside the constant, you must escape it via "%-encoding." Replace the character with a "%" character, followed by its two-digit hex code. A com
ma is "%2c", a vertical bar is "%7c", and a closing brace is "%7d". If you want to include an actual "%" character, use "%25". 
\par SubkeyName, ValueName, and DefaultValue may include constants. Note that you do not need to escape the closing brace of a constant as described above; that is only necessary when the closing brace is used elsewhere. 
\par Example:
\par \{reg:HKLM\\Software\\My Program,Path|\{pf\}\\My Program\}
\par \{param:ParamName|DefaultValue\} 
\par Embeds a command line parameter value.
\par 
\par ParamName specifies the name of the command line parameter to read from. 
\par DefaultValue determines the string to embed if the specified command line parameter does not exist, or its value could not be determined. 
\par If you wish to include a comma, vertical bar ("|"), or closing brace ("\}") inside the constant, you must escape it via "%-encoding." Replace the character with a "%" character, followed by its two-digit hex code. 
A comma is "%2c", a vertical bar is "%7c", and a closing brace is "%7d". If you want to include an actual "%" character, use "%25". 
\par ParamName and DefaultValue may include constants. Note that you do not need to escape the closing brace of a constant as described above; that is only necessary when the closing brace is used elsewhere. 
\par Example:
\par \{param:Path|\{pf\}\\My Program\}
\par The example above translates to c:\\My Program if the command line /Path="c:\\My Program" was specified.
\par 
\par \{srcexe\} 
\par The full pathname of the Setup program file, e.g. "C:\\SETUP.EXE".
\par 
\par \{uninstallexe\} 
\par The full pathname of the uninstall program extracted by Setup, e.g. "C:\\Program Files\\My Program\\unins000.exe". This constant is typically used in an [Icons] section entry for creating an Uninstall icon. 
It is only valid if Uninstallable is yes (the default setting).
\par 
\par \{sysuserinfoname\}
\par \{sysuserinfoorg\} 
\par The name and organization, respectively, that Windows is registered to. This information is read from the registry.
\par 
\par \{userinfoname\}
\par \{userinfoorg\}
\par \{userinfoserial\} 
\par The name, organization and serial number, respectively, that the user entered on the User Information wizard page (which can be enabled via the UserInfoPage directive). 
Typically, these constants are used in [Registry] or [INI] entries to save their values for later use.
\par 
\par \{username\} 
\par The name of the user who is running Setup or Uninstall program (as returned by the GetUserName function).
\par 
\par \{log\} 
\par The log file name, or an empty string if logging is not enabled.
\par }}